So now that we know how much you create objects reflect how to call math and how to change prototypes
.
I'll have a look at the properties of objects because refl. offers a lot of methods dealing with Object
properties to do that or create yet another class the Famous Person class here and give it a constructor
of course which expects a name and age here and then I'll set this name equal to name and this age equal
to age as always.
Now I'll treat a person and again I'll use the new key word here to do this.
I'll pass Max and my age.
So far that's nothing you haven't seen before.
But now I want to get a property.
And here we also have refl. get and refl. get I passed the object and then the name of the property
I want to get like that to get the name property.
So what do you expect to see in the console if a hit run.
Well you see Max because it is just another way of using a person's name.
And by any means use person dog name if you knew you want to access the name property on person.
You have to understand that all those reflect my efforts are also meant for use in a more dynamic environment
where the object you want to access and or where you feel you want the axis are passed dynamically and
therefore you couldn't use the normal dot notation.
But then you could pass them as arguments to reflect and take advantage of do you reflect the API to
get the property of an object you don't know at the time you write you your code and a property you
don't know what time you're writing code that's important to understand.
And again you will see this a bit more when we actually get to the proxy API in the last module but
for that we have to cover the refl. API first.
Of course we could also combine this with getters and setters.
So let's say we have a getter here which says access to the name and Turin's this underscore name.
What do you think.
Now get if I get run.
Still Max.
So name of course now Exorcist is Gedor and not underscore name but since we get this underscore that
name in the getter your Wissler can be used to reflect API.
But I think it's important to understand that getters and setters are no problem you and using it reflect
API.
For now I'll get rid of this get or just wanted to show this.
Now since we can get values of course we all can set them so we can be refl. set method can use to reflect
setf method to your to then also pass the object then the.
Well name of the property and then the value which you want is set.
So for example if I want to change my name to Anna do you think.
Now see if I had run.
Well now I get.
And of course because I change to propert here and again using dot notation is a lot shorter if you
know the object and the property at the value.
But if one or all of these fields are dynamic especially the object or the property name well then the
refl. API is a great way to write a generic entry point and to write a generic way to change your properties
or get upset.
Also take a third argument.
They take receiver and receiver is here again like that too that this keyword in order to show it or
create a new object and all name it.
Man this would just be literal notation and it will also have a name which is Mark.
Now I can pass this at the first argument to the get method here and then set this to mom.
So pass this object as a receiver as this for argument to the get method.
What do you think I get if I had run.
I still get the answer.
So don't be deceived by that.
This is not referring to this name because well we're accessing the mom word excuse me the name property
directly on the person object.
It won't change though if I use again or again like this name and I return this underscore name.
Now I'll rename this to underscore name and also in the mom object.
What do you think will it now happen if I hit run.
Now I get none because now we're using to get her and then together we're using this to access our property
.
Yes we also did this in the constructor but in the constructor it's different here we're kind of creating
this property.
But in the getter we're trying to access it.
So now we can override what this should refer to ever overwriting it with mom with this mom object your
so we're telling refl. get that you want to X server person access to the name property but this should
refer to Mom to does mom object.
No mom of course has underscore a name which is what we Axelson together here and therefore even though
this Geter gets cold in our prison this will refer to mom and not to our person.
Might be confusing but in the end isn't that confusing object reach which you want to use property which
you want to use.
This should refer to.
That's how we can split up this method call and as I said the same was available for a settings so if
I quickly create a set or you're wherever you set a value and then I basically set this underscore name
equal to B value.
If I pass the receiver here and I pass Mom what do you think I'll see if I had run.
Well now I see Anna because now the setter overrides the underscore name property in man.
Since that is our receiver and the name of this argument is pretty good.
It's the receiver what will receive our well this call here.
So this keyword to overriding underscore name in the mom object your and therefore we're executing the
error when we get our property.
We're passing the name property and we're passing the mom off trick of which we overrode the underscore
in a.
So if we print the mom object itself you're after overwriting it or after setting it as a receiver when
changing the name what do you think we'll see.
If I run we see Anna because while we did overwrite it it was the receiver of this keyword.
Therefore this was changed in our mom object not in our Person object so it's up too confusing it's
really just a forth argument you can add or a third argument when getting it which allows you to change
you.
While this keyword a change to what.
This keyword should refer and why would you want to do this.
Well of course rarely.
I guess in order to really change the object but imagine you are using their like API in another context
where you want to make sure that this actually refers to the object of which you want to access the
property and not to something else due to the behavior of the essential script which you all know can't
happen.
So after all it is getting unsetting that this keyword.
Here's another Mefford but it's a simple one related to well getting and setting properties.
Sometimes you want to check if a certain property exists in the first place.
Right and for that you can simply use the hazmat first.
But then you pass two arguments the object and the property name.
So what do you think I get to find out.
Run well like a true because person has this name property together here but there is a property.
It's just encapsulating the underscore name field here so that I can check if a certain property exists
.